https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-26089 Add CAPI auto import and ROSA HCP doc (#8396)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_api/auto_import_capi.adoc

[#auto-import-capi]
= Enabling automatic import for Cluster API clusters (Technology Preview)

> You can automatically import clusters that you provision by using Cluster API to save time when importing.

Reviewer: Suggest not using "import" twice. Maybe something like one of these suggestions: 

You can save time by automatically importing clusters that you provision by using Cluster API. 

You can automatically import clusters that you provision by using Cluster API that saves you time. 

Save time by automatically importing clusters that you provision by using Cluster API. 

Use Cluster API to automatically import clusters that you provision and to save you time.

Author: Updated

== Preparing your hub cluster

Before you can automatically import provisioned clusters with Cluster API, you must complete the following steps:

> . Enable the `ClusterImporter` feature gate on the `ClusterManager` to allow automatic import. See the following example:

Reviewer 2: This is step 1.

Author: Updated

> . Enable the `ClusterImporter` feature gate on the `ClusterManager` to allow automatic import. See the following example:

Reviewer: I don't think we need "to allow automatic import" because your awesome introduction already says you're doing this procedure in order to automatically import your provisioned clusters! 

Also, if the example helps the user, and we want the user to implement the example, let's simply prompt the user to add the example 

What do you think of this suggestion? 

```suggestion
. Enable the `ClusterImporter` feature gate on the `ClusterManager` by adding the following YAML sample:
```

Author: I like that suggestion, updated!

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: ClusterManager
metadata:
  name: cluster-manager
spec:
  registrationConfiguration:
    featureGates:
    - feature: ClusterImporter
      mode: Enable
----

> . Configure the import controller to create cluster import configuration secrets by setting `clusterImportConfig` to `true`. See the following example:

Reviewer 2: This also shows as step 1.

> . Configure the import controller to create cluster import configuration secrets by setting `clusterImportConfig` to `true`. See the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the import controller to create cluster import configuration secrets by setting `clusterImportConfig` to `true`. Add the following YAML sample:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: import-controller-config
  namespace: multicluster-engine
data:
  clusterImportConfig: "true"
----

.. If you do not have a `ConfigMap` yet, run the following command to apply the changes. Replace `<filename>` with your file name:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f <filename>.yaml
----

.. If you already have a `ConfigMap`, run the following command to apply the changes:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc patch configmap import-controller-config -n multicluster-engine --type merge -p '{"data":{"clusterImportConfig":"true"}}'
----

> . Bind the Cluster API manager permissions to the import controller service account. See the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Bind the Cluster API manager permissions to the import controller service account. Add the following YAML sample:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: cluster-manager-registration-capi
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: capi-manager-role
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: registration-controller-sa
  namespace: open-cluster-management-hub
----

. Run the following command to apply the changes. Replace `<filename>` with your file name:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f <filename>.yaml
----

== Creating the _ManagedCluster_ resource

To enable automatic import, create a `ManagedCluster` resource with the same name and namespace as your Cluster API cluster. Complete the following steps:

> . Create a `ManagedCluster` resource with the following content:

Reviewer: If you apply my earlier suggestions, keep it consistent here: 

```suggestion
. Create a `ManagedCluster` resource  by adding the following YAML sample:
```

[#auto-import-capi]
= Enabling automatic import for Cluster API clusters (Technology Preview)

> You can save time by automatically importing clusters that you provision by using Cluster API.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can save time by automatically importing clusters that you provision by using the Cluster API.
```

== Preparing your hub cluster

> Before you can automatically import provisioned clusters with Cluster API, you must complete the following steps:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before you can automatically import provisioned clusters with the Cluster API, you must complete the following steps:
```

. Enable the `ClusterImporter` feature gate on the `ClusterManager` by adding the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: ClusterManager
metadata:
  name: cluster-manager
spec:
  registrationConfiguration:
    featureGates:
    - feature: ClusterImporter
      mode: Enable

> ----

Reviewer 3: is there a command that the user can run to edit the `ClusterManager` resource? i would expect to see the command first and then introduce the YAML sample

Author: `oc edit <filename>`, can you confirm @tinaafitz?

> . Configure the import controller to create cluster import configuration secrets by setting `clusterImportConfig` to `true`. Add the following YAML sample:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Configure the import controller to create cluster import configuration secrets by setting `clusterImportConfig` to `true`. Your `ConfigMap` resource might resemble the following YAML sample:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: import-controller-config
  namespace: multicluster-engine
data:
  clusterImportConfig: "true"
----

.. If you do not have a `ConfigMap` yet, run the following command to apply the changes. Replace `<filename>` with your file name:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f <filename>.yaml
----

.. If you already have a `ConfigMap`, run the following command to apply the changes:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc patch configmap import-controller-config -n multicluster-engine --type merge -p '{"data":{"clusterImportConfig":"true"}}'

> ----

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. If you do not have a `ConfigMap` yet, run the following command to apply the changes. Replace `<filename>` with your file name:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f <filename>.yaml
----

.. If you already have a `ConfigMap`, run the following command to apply the changes:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc patch configmap import-controller-config -n multicluster-engine --type merge -p '{"data":{"clusterImportConfig":"true"}}'
----
```

. Bind the Cluster API manager permissions to the import controller service account. Add the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: cluster-manager-registration-capi
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: capi-manager-role
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: registration-controller-sa
  namespace: open-cluster-management-hub
----

. Run the following command to apply the changes. Replace `<filename>` with your file name:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f <filename>.yaml
----

== Creating the _ManagedCluster_ resource

To enable automatic import, create a `ManagedCluster` resource with the same name and namespace as your Cluster API cluster. Complete the following steps:

. Create a `ManagedCluster` resource  by adding the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: ManagedCluster
metadata:
  name: <clusterapi_cluster_name>
spec:
  hubAcceptsClient: true
----

> - Add the name of your Cluster API cluster to `name`.

Reviewer 3: Is this intended to be a note or an additional step? There is also an extra space in line 85

Reviewer 3: Also reminder to add the required access, prereqs, and procedure tag

Author: This is a callout following the current Red Hat style guidance. Since we cannot use the numbering system for callout anymore.

[#auto-import-capi]
= Enabling automatic import for Cluster API clusters (Technology Preview)

You can save time by automatically importing clusters that you provision by using the Cluster API.

*Required access:* Cluster administrator

.Prerequisites

* You need the `MultiClusterEngine` resource either from the {acm-short} installation, or the {mce-short} standalone installation.

== Preparing your hub cluster

Before you can automatically import provisioned clusters with the Cluster API, you must complete the following steps:

> . Enable the `ClusterImporter` feature gate on the `ClusterManager` by adding the following YAML sample:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Enable the `ClusterImporter` feature gate in the `ClusterManager` resource by adding the following YAML file sample:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: ClusterManager
metadata:
  name: cluster-manager
spec:
  registrationConfiguration:
    featureGates:
    - feature: ClusterImporter
      mode: Enable
----

> . Configure the import controller to create cluster import configuration secrets by setting `clusterImportConfig` to `true`. Your `ConfigMap` resource might resemble the following YAML sample:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Configure the import controller to create cluster import configuration secrets by setting `clusterImportConfig` to `true`. Your `ConfigMap` resource might resemble the following YAML file sample:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: import-controller-config
  namespace: multicluster-engine
data:
  clusterImportConfig: "true"
----

> .. If you do not have a `ConfigMap` yet, run the following command to apply the changes. Replace `<filename>` with your file name:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. If you do not have a `ConfigMap` resource yet, run the following command to apply the changes. Replace `<filename>` with your file name:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f <filename>.yaml
----

> .. If you already have a `ConfigMap`, run the following command to apply the changes:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. If you already have a `ConfigMap` resource, run the following command to apply the changes:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
oc patch configmap import-controller-config -n multicluster-engine --type merge -p '{"data":{"clusterImportConfig":"true"}}'
----

> . Bind the Cluster API manager permissions to the import controller service account. Add the following YAML sample:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Bind the Cluster API manager permissions to the import controller service account. Add the following YAML file sample:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: cluster-manager-registration-capi
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: capi-manager-role
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: registration-controller-sa
  namespace: open-cluster-management-hub
----

. Run the following command to apply the changes. Replace `<filename>` with your file name:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f <filename>.yaml
----

== Creating the _ManagedCluster_ resource

To enable automatic import, create a `ManagedCluster` resource with the same name and namespace as your Cluster API cluster. Complete the following steps:

. Create a `ManagedCluster` resource  by adding the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: ManagedCluster
metadata:
  name: <clusterapi_cluster_name>
spec:
  hubAcceptsClient: true
----
- Add the name of your Cluster API cluster to `name`.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Create a `ManagedCluster` resource  by adding the following YAML sample. Add the name of your Cluster API cluster to the `name` parameter:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: ManagedCluster
metadata:
  name: <clusterapi_cluster_name>
spec:
  hubAcceptsClient: true
----
```
